Amy Tang - 2011
Postgraduation, I'll be traveling to Turkey, Greece, and random bits of South America. I'll start working at Facebook late July.

Anran Li - 2011
I will be starting in July as a Software Development Engineer at the 343 Industries studio at Microsoft working on the Halo video game!

Elizabeth Lin - 2011
I will be returning to Khan Academy as a Product Designer. Before starting, I plan to spend my summer exploring Europe's fashion capitals and art museums. CS KickStart helped me understand how computer science can be creative. I also met a large network of valuable women I've become close to over my college career, and I hope to keep in touch with in the future!

Linda He - 2012
I've been helping out every summer with the program since then - it's a great opportunity to see the industry and make lasting connections. This summer, I'll be interning at LinkedIn as a software engineering intern.

Robyn Zhang - 2012
Hi everyone! I am currently a junior at UC Berkeley declared in Computer Science. CS KickStart was such a great experience for me and over the past couple of years I've really gotten to know the intelligent and inspiring women that have participated in this program. This summer, I am very excited to be at Salesforce as a software engineer intern on the Analytics Cloud team. 

Shana Hu - 2012
Shana was in CS KickStart 2012 and is now a junior at UC Berkeley studying L&S CS and professionally pursuing digital product design. Last summer, she interned at LinkedIn as a web development intern. This year, she'll be working as a design intern at FiftyThree this summer and Facebook in the fall.

Vivian Nguyen - 2012

Hannah Huang - 2013
This summer I'm interning at Raytheon. It's hard to believe that two years ago I went through CS Kickstart, struggling through python and seeing UC Berkeley for the first time. CS Kickstart introduced me to the amazing support and teamwork that the Berkeley CS program fosters, and encouraged all of us to provide the same experience for the generation as well. 


Elena Herbold 2014
I is now studying EECS and Japanese. I spend my free time lab assisting for Berkeley's CS61A class, volunteering at Berkeley Animal Community Services, and tutoring in Berkeley public schools.



